# Reference Transcripts for Lucas Synnott

## 3 Agencies to Start in 2024 #shorts #agency #onlinemoney #onlinemarketing

here are three productized agency ideas you can use to get to $10,000 per month by the end of 2024 idea short form content editing agency you'll Target business owners that are looking to build their brand online sell them a fixed number of videos for a certain price per month to up with ideas scripts and edit the videos for them even consider posting them for them upsell them on long form editing for YouTube YouTube thumbnails and extra video request per month to do this you have to learn how to ideate write scripts and edit videos idea two a I automation agency sell a pack of AI automations to business owners that help them complete boring daily tasks things like onboarding new clients announcer reporting or meeting summaries help sell them on unlimited automation requests per month as well as custom dashboards and tools to do this you'll need to learn how to use make.com zape and gum Loop idea three unlimited copyrighting agency operators are hard to hire and often expensive offer unlimited copy for a fixed price per mon WR ads emails DSL scripts anything they can use in their marketing...

---

## FULL TUTORIAL： Hyper Realistic AI Product Creatives

if you're in the Ecom space you know that good product photography is hard to find and often expensive and making interesting creators from those product photos is often even more timec consuming and tough to do so today I'm going to show you how just using mid journey and Photoshop I turned this photo and this photo into this photo we're going to make it a quick one today so let's get right into it the first thing you're going to need is a photo of the product itself this can be just taken with your phone use Converse Ling to remove the background if you just want to do it quick and easy doesn't have to be super clean or anything like that we're going to work on that later in Photoshop as you can see here I've got this pill bottle from Eterna it's a sement of some sort we're going to use this as kind of the base for what we're going to make the the product image for the next thing you need is going to be a mid-journey subscription if you're in the creative space at all you should have a mid Journey subscription even if you don't use the actual images that outputs the kind of ideas ideation it comes up with there super super helpful I think it's great we're going to go over the prompt that I used to get this so this was the final image that I got as you can see there's a bunch here that it gave me I upscaled this one so let's look at the prompt I use as you can see it is a supplement bottle it's on EX circular platform it's got water and Mist around it the uh prompt was a blue supplement bottle emerging from splashing dark water surrounded by m smoke in in a storm on circular platforms so a ISM so blue s bottle then emerging with splashing Dark Water so describing the surrounding it could be you know sitting in sand on the beach you know like whatever it is your items kind of tee towards surrounded by Mist smoke and a storm that could be you know if you're on a beach surrounded by palm trees and birds flying over overhead on circular platforms you can just kind of c...

---

## How Aiden Automated 100% of His Dream 100 Outreach in The AI Assisted Agency

Oh, holy Like that's what they teach inside of this. When you break it down node by node, it's so simple. I would not have fathommed I could build something like this a month ago. Everything inside of the business models that they teach in CA can be automated. 30 deliverables over 2 days on Dream 100. That's insane volume. 20 grand is not unreasonable when you can say I will have a funnel that'll make you 100 grand a month. Hey, what's up? I'm Lucas Sinnate, one of the co-founders of the AI assisted agency. I am here today with one of our students, Aiden. Aiden has put together an absolutely phenomenal workflow using some of the stuff he's learned while inside the AI assisted agency. So Aiden, thanks for coming on. Do you want to uh give it a background and kind of what you do, what your agency does? When I came into Client Ascension, I didn't have an agency. I was like absolutely zero. So through all the course content, I chose the funnel ads through like W2 work in the past and the knowledge that they have on how to like do it for clients when you don't have a boss. That really took off for me. &gt;&gt; Awesome. Cool. And you joined about a month ago, you said. Yeah, I think I had my first like my onboarding meeting less than a month ago. It was like October 12th or something like that. &gt;&gt; Okay, sick. And before you came in, how much like uh automation or AI experience did you have? Like were you, you know, a power user do building like flows before or like just kind of, you know, a chat GPT kind of &gt;&gt; I would say me and my like 45year-old dad were at the same level of AI use, right? We were using chat GPT to like search online recipes or save ingredients list or like I'm into tennis so I use it to find me a new tennis racket based on my budget and price point. Right. But I was never doing anything like multi-step or or multi-use function like NADN or Poppy or anything like that? No. &gt;&gt; Gotcha. Okay. Sick. So when you kind of first joined the pro...

---

## How to CRUSH Your Yearly Goals in Just 3 Months

this is the productivity system that you need if you want to hit your goals by the end of 2024 over the next 5 minutes I'm going to show you how I set my 12E goals determine the inputs needed to reach them and the app that I use to keep track of it all let's check it out first off full credit for these systems goes to Matt Shields and Matthew larison both are amazing dudes with Incredible YouTube channels they'll be linked in the description below so this is our 12we plan the 12we plan breaks down into three major achievements you want to completed by the end of 12 weeks for each achievement you break it down week by week so you've got 12 weeks going all the way down here each week is broken down into two major goals so goal one and goal two you then break these goals into four separate actions that you can take so what are two actions for this goal that I can take to reach it by the end of the week so for launching and scaling the company there's a number of setup tasks to complete and I've got to start Outreach and content around the offer and get some Market feedback I also want to be constantly learning about what I'm doing so more research on Shopify cro and to complete that task I can find courses and YouTube videos and study them and I can test with Brands I've worked with in the past these are the first week of setting up this company this is what I'm going to be involved in doing so this is week one week two is going to be the same but week three I'm changing it up by week three I expect to have all these task completed so now I'll be moving on to scaling Outreach that means I want to get two meetings per week to do that I'll DM 50 prospects and send 500 cold emails a day I will follow up twice per week continue to level up my knowledge again the same finding courses on testing with existing Brands I'll do this for 12 weeks and if I do that for 12 weeks it is unreasonable to believe that I will not complete my main task of 10K a month the same thing over he...

---

## He Landed An 8k Client By Sending AI Generated Scripts

Lots of custom work eating up all of my bandwidth, all my time. I didn't feel like I was able to really like promote it and scale it. The best way to capitalize on AI and automation is to use them in your own business, not necessarily to sell that as your front offer. The client I actually landed through Dream 100 Outreach. The minute I started delivering stuff for her, she immediately reached out. She's like, "You know what? I'm going to pay you what you asked for. I'm just sending her that I've generated with AI." Hey there, Lucas Senate here, head of AI at Client Ascension and co-founder of AIA AAA. I'm here with Nick. Say hi, Nick. &gt;&gt; Hey, what's going on? &gt;&gt; Nick is the founder of Market Backwards, a marketing company that now deals with is it funnels and ads is your primary offer right now. &gt;&gt; That's correct. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, Nick's going along to talk a little bit his experience in AIA and uh he's been in CA for some time and then uh recently joined the program. So, Nick, why don't you talk a bit about what you were doing before when you first joined Client Ascension and kind of what you're doing now. So before I jumped into client ascension, I was actually working for a marketing agency. Funnily enough, kind of doing more or less in the background what I'm doing now. I was building automations, building out infrastructure for a marketing firm that ran webinars and and sold funnels and things like that. So to me, it seemed like a natural fit for me to jump into doing like an AI and automations agency. So when I jumped into CA, that's essentially what I was planning on doing. So, I had that at, you know, around 5K a month. And it turned out it was like lots of custom work eating up all of my bandwidth, all my time. You know, I'm not above that. I don't know if it's an IQ thing or if it's just specific knowledge thing, but it was just kind of like eating me up and I didn't feel like I was able to really like promote it and scale it the...

---

